## Research and analyze which of the vulnerabilities appear to be related to the code that was deployed for the environment in this project.


AttackInstanceSG:
- CIS 4.1 Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 22

WebAppSG:
- Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 22
- Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 3389
- `alb-http-to-https-redirection-check` issue indicates HTTP listeners of Application Load Balancer do not have HTTP to HTTPS redirection configured.


default:
- Ensure the default security group of every VPC restricts all traffic

## Bonus - provide recommendations on how to remediate the vulnerabilities.

- Modify the inbound rule for each security group to allow ingress from restricted IPs (in this case my IP) or delete the rule allowing ingress on port 22.

- Modify the inbound rule for each security group to allow ingress from restricted IPs (in this case my IP) or delete the rule allowing ingress on port 3389.

- Delete all inbound and outbound rules from the default security group. Add the required rules to other security groups attached to the vpc.

- Amazon resources (S3 buckets, databases, EC2 instances) etc. can be moved from public VPC subnets to private subnets for more security. Configure and Enable `HTTP to HTTPS redirection` on Application Loab Balancers.

- Enable AES-256 encryption to encrypt objects in the S3 bucket and edit the S3 bucket policies to provide least priveleges access by removing the asterisk (*) sign and specifying only appropriate actions that are essentially required.